changed import/upload asset to upload with URL/upload from local storage (#144)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/guides/on-demand.mdx

The response will indicate the status of the uploaded assets as status:

- `status: "waiting"` or `status: "ready"`.

- If `status: "waiting"` is returned in the response, the asset is not available:

  - make the API call again until `status: "ready"`.

> - If the status indicates that it is `"ready"`, it is available.

Reviewer: We should update these instructing users to use `status.phase` instead of just `status`, since that has changed in the API.

## Listing the Tasks

> To check the status on an asset uploaded with URL `/import` to Livepeer or exported `/export` to IPFS, get the `task.id` from the response of the uploaded asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the status of an asset uploaded with URL `/import` to Livepeer or exported `/export` to IPFS, get the `task.id` from the response of the uploaded asset.
```

> To check the status on an asset uploaded with URL `/import` to Livepeer or exported `/export` to IPFS, get the `task.id` from the response of the uploaded asset.

Reviewer: Also, we should stop referencing the `/import` API if we are not calling it that anymore. I've just opened a pull request to register that API under `/upload/url` instead, WDYT? 
https://github.com/livepeer/studio/pull/1182

The only thing that might be confusing is that the "direct upload" (upload from local storage) APIs are served under `/upload/:url` instead, so that's one extra reason to stop "documenting" any format about the "upload from local storage" URLs (in fact, I think I'm gonna change it to `/uplaod/direct/:token` on that same PR instead).

> **Note:** using the `GET /api/task/$TASK_ID` request provides different information depending on whether the asset is _imported_ or _exported_ .

### Assets uploaded with URL

- Information on video specs such as codec and formats are present.

> ### Assets exported to IPFS

Author: Agreed since that is where the asset is stored if they choose to use IPFS, I will add it to the changes

- The response will provide information such as the `metadata` and `CID`.

## Methods for Uploading Video

There are two methods to upload a video to Livepeer:

- Upload with URL
- Upload from local storage with an `.mp4` file format

## Upload with URL

When using the upload with URL method:

- Provide the name of the asset

> - Provide the URL of the asset that should be uploaded

Reviewer: Even though we are calling the overall process "upload", I believe we should refrain from using that word in sentences where it wouldn't make sense, like here, to avoid confusion about the API. 

In the "upload with URL", an asset is created in the VOD API which we are calling an "upload", but the asset is not "uploaded" per se, it's actually **downloaded** from the provided URL. We should avoid the term "download" anyway or it could get very confusing, so I'd say we just avoid using any terms related to "down/uploading" altogether when describing the "upload with URL".

To give some concrete suggestion, I'd go with sth like this, wdyt?:
```suggestion
- Provide the URL where to find the content for the new asset
```

Author: Yes, I agree now that both are referred to as `upload`

}
```

> ## Upload From Local Storage

Reviewer: **nit:** Consistent casing
```suggestion
## Upload from Local Storage
```

```js
const uploadAsset = async () => {
  const response = await axios.post("https://livepeer.studio/api/asset/request-upload", {
    headers: {
      Authorization: `Bearer ${process.env.LP_API_KEY}`,
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
    data: JSON.stringify({
      name: "Example name",
    }),
  });

>   console.log(JSON.stringify(response.data));

Reviewer: Maybe this should also return the response, as a developer will likely want that in their code.
```suggestion
  console.log(JSON.stringify(response.data));
  return response.data;
```

}
```

> ### Upload the video

Reviewer: I don't think this section is consistent with the overall organization here. The first step of the tutorial is not a section itself, just an enumeration `1.`. Then the request/response are `###` sections themselves, then this is another section on the same level. 

I think we should either have:
 - request/response as `####` sections and then we consistenly create a `###` section for each step in the tutorial
 - do not have this `###` section here. The step is already described in the `2.` enumeration below.

2. Upload the asset to the generated URL

- Get the `url` field from the response obtained above.

- Make a `PUT` request to that URL with the contents of the file being uploaded.

### Request

```js

const uploadAsset = async (url, path) => {

const response = await axios
  .put(url, { data: fs.createReadStream(path) });
    console.log(JSON.stringify(response.data));
  };
```

### Response

When the video is uploaded, a response with an empty body and a status code of `200 OK` should be returned.

> **NOTE:** If you want to track the status of your upload, you can use the `task`
> endpoint by passing the `task.id` you received during the previous request. To
> retrieve the data of your uploaded asset, you can use the `asset` endpoint by
> passing the `asset.id` as a parameter.

## List Assets

> When listing assets, look for the status in the response body, it should return `status:“ready”`. If the response returns `status:“waiting”`, then wait a little longer and repeat this step until the status is ready before moving to the exporting step.

Reviewer: Same regarding `status.phase` instead of `status`

2. Upload the asset to the generated URL

- Get the `“url”: “https://origin.livepeer.studio/api/assets/…“` from the response.

- Check the status of the generated url.

> - ` PUT /api/asset/$ASSET_ID/` with provided `asset.id`.

Author: Agreed, not sure why this is written like this...?

> ### Response

Reviewer: I can't comment on the `Request` above since it wasn't changed here, but I think it has a few errors and is over-complicated:
 - It **must not** instruct users to provide an `Authorization` header on the request. It will cause confusion on developers as if they had to call this from their backend and thus proxy all uploads for their users, when in fact the upload API has no authorization. The URL itself is pre-signed to be used once for that specific asset. Should be called directly from the browser with no auth.
 - It **should not** instruct users to provide a `Content-Type`. That's completely ignored, no reason to complicate the request.
 - URL argument is malformed, the code doesn't work if you copy paste it somewhere.
 - Indentation is weird, gets confusing to understand.
 - Since you're providing a function and not a runnable script, it makes sense to receive function arguments for anything not specified in your snippet.
 - Code is written for `node.js`, not the browser (uses `fs` instead of `File`)

Fixing all but the last point, would have it be like this:
```js
const uploadAsset = async (url, path) => {
  const response = await axios.put(url, { data: fs.createReadStream(path) });
  console.log(JSON.stringify(response.data));
};
```

Author: Ok, will make these adjustments

Reviewer: We should still update the code to work in the browser instead of node though.

### Request

Provide the `$ASSET_ID` of the asset, this can be found using the List Asset method.

```js
const exportAsset = async () => {

>   const response = await axios.post("https://livepeer.studio/api/asset/$ASSET_ID/export", {

Reviewer: No changes needed here, but I think overall we had these `$VARIABLES` in our guide before only because we only provided bash script examples. In node, especially since the examples are generally functions like this `exportAsset`, I think any external arguments should be provided as arguments to the function instead with very clear names (likely just converting the `$` variable to a `camelCase` arg).

In this case, just as an example, it'd be:
```ts
const exportAsset = async (assetId) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`https://livepeer.studio/api/asset/${assetId}/export`, {
```

But this is a change we should make to all of the examples, so maybe rather just keep it like this for now and later we can bother about updating all the examples.
